at the reserve center. Sometimes the work, uh, the workload changes and
it gets heavy. Um, the increase in tempo, Um, and it kind of, uh,
makes you overwhelmed. Um, but what we do is we continue moving forward.
Um, we always know when our workload is going Thio to get a little
heavy and to get to beam or to be a busy on DWI planned for it.
Um, myself, the triad, Um, I believe in incorporating the team is, well,
the sailors, we have conversations and majority of the time way
planet. And then we execute because that's important Having the conversations
with everyone before we start the business of the of the
work. Um, it makes it easier for the sailors, the team, and everyone
to finish and effectively.